[Music]
Hello everyone.
free of cost.
I am running a recruitment company
called Consultant. From last 8 years, I
already placed more than 5,000 plus
candidate in different different
companies. At present, I do have more
than 60 plus companies. To know more job
option you can share your CV on it
consultant212gmail.com.
So job information reliable source. Now
let's start the video. In this video
we'll see hiring for the well-known
company known as IC Lombard. They are in
the market from last 24 years dealing
with all type of insurance in Mumbai. We
are hiring fori and Malar branch.
Designation will be customer service
executive or sales executive. Job role
is digital sales inside sales. Shift
timing mostly 10 to 7 p.m. Week off two
rotational off 5 days working.
Qualification graduation required. Age
limit 18 to 35 years. Gender male and
female both can apply. Fresher and
experience both are most welcome. Salary
range for fresher 1.57 LPA plus
unlimited incentives. And for experience
2.5 LPA plus unlimited incentives. Very
good English communication skill
required. Rounds of interview will be HR
and operation. Interested candidate can
email on consultant212gmail.com.
For more updates on job, please like and
subscribe our channel. And it's very
helpful if you can share this video to
needy one.
[Music]